Add IPv6 adoption documentation (#773)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_retrieving-topology-specific-service-configuration.adoc

.Prerequisites

* Define the following shell variables. Replace the example values with values that are correct for your environment:
[NOTE]

> If you need to use IPv6, declare `SOURCE_MARIADB_IP` *without* brackets (e.g. `SOURCE_MARIADB_IP=fd00:bbbb::2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use IPv6, declare `SOURCE_MARIADB_IP` without brackets, for example, `SOURCE_MARIADB_IP=fd00:bbbb::2`.
```

Author: done, thanks!

.Procedure

> . Make sure you are on the `openstack` namespace.

Author: This is general case, would it be better to make a different PR for this? I just wanted to make the clarification to save some time on trial and error,  because anyone that might be doing the entire process will most likely be on the openstack-operator project at this point.

> . Make sure you are on the `openstack` namespace.

Reviewer 2: Nah that's fine. Just wanted to make sure we understand the cause. If it's an omission that applies regardless of the IP mode, then I'm ok to include it here, even if having a separate PR would also work.

+
[NOTE]
The `nova`, `nova_api`, and `nova_cell0` databases are included in the same database host.
+
[WARNING]
====

> In case that this command fail, it may be due to the fact that the MariaDB container needs a bit more time. If that happens, you can use a sleep:

Reviewer 2: This is brittle. Can we not wait for mariadb server service to become Healthy (in k8s API), then talk to it?

Author: Isn't that what the pod does by default before running a command inside of it? I tried for some time to have a proper way to go through this but that was the best that I could find (And with Yatin's help). I did not intend to add this at first since I know it's not clean and it might be  due to slowness of my particular environment, but it also happened to Fiorella so I decided to add this in order to ease the way of anyone else with that problem.

Reviewer 2: AFAIU the issue you are trying to handle with the sleep is the fact that mariadb-server is not up when mariadb-client is executed. This is a different pod. So whatever guarantees -client pod `oc exec` call may give in terms of Healthy status would not apply to server pod. That's why I think you should wait for -server service to become Healthy, then call to it using the client pod.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, it's me who misunderstood the intent. Indeed, it's talking to SOURCE_MARIADB_IP at this point. Then I'm not sure what the error you were getting is. Do you have a log so that we can take a look? @elvgarrui

Author: `oc get events` doesn't return anything interesting, then from `oc logs  mariadb-client -f `  I only see ERROR 2002 `(HY000): Can't connect to MySQL server on 'fd00:bbbb::2' (115)` . I also checked ip route and ip a commands inside the mariadb-client pod. The only thing I can highlight is that `ip a` output changed from:
```
1: lo: <LOOPBACK,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 65536 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN group default qlen 1000 link/loopback 00:00:00:00:00:00 brd 00:00:00:00:00:00 inet 127.0.0.1/8 scope host lo valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever inet6 ::1/128 scope host valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever 
2: eth0@if3113: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1400 qdisc noqueue state UP group default link/ether 0a:58:a5:16:ba:fb brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff link-netnsid 0 inet6 fd00:abcd:0:1::bf8/64 scope global valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever inet6 fe80::858:a5ff:fe16:bafb/64 scope link valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
3: net1@if757: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc noqueue state UP group default link/ether 06:85:bc:90:3d:98 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff link-netnsid 0 inet6 fd00:bbbb::30/64 scope global tentative valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever inet6 fe80::485:bcff:fe90:3d98/64 scope link tentative valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
```
to this other values (with sleep 5):
```
1: lo: <LOOPBACK,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 65536 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN group default qlen 1000 link/loopback 00:00:00:00:00:00 brd 00:00:00:00:00:00 inet 127.0.0.1/8 scope host lo valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever inet6 ::1/128 scope host valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever 
2: eth0@if3111: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1400 qdisc noqueue state UP group default link/ether 0a:58:b3:c5:42:44 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff link-netnsid 0 inet6 fd00:abcd:0:1::bf6/64 scope global valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever inet6 fe80::858:b3ff:fec5:4244/64 scope link valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever 
3: net1@if757: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc noqueue state UP group default link/ether 56:a0:4a:bc:72:5a brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff link-netnsid 0 inet6 fd00:bbbb::30/64 scope global tentative valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever inet6 fe80::54a0:4aff:febc:725a/64 scope link tentative valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
```
Do you know which other log could be useful?

Author: For now, I'm taking this out to "Focus on the happy path" as suggested by the documentation tips on the contributors page. In any case, the simpler workaround is to just retrieve this from the openstack environment and then copy pasting it on the new env, instead of using a pod.

----
export PULL_OPENSTACK_CONFIGURATION_DATABASES=$(oc run mariadb-client ${MARIADB_CLIENT_ANNOTATIONS} -q --image ${MARIADB_IMAGE} -i --rm --restart=Never -- \
    bash -c 'sleep 5 && mysql -rsh '$SOURCE_MARIADB_IP' -uroot -p'$SOURCE_DB_ROOT_PASSWORD' -e "SHOW databases;"')

> ----

Author: No, it runs a command inside of the mariadb-client pod after a small piece of time has passed
